[20334] Report internal DdsRouter information with the DdsPipe's Monitor module (#431)
eProsima/DDS-Router: docs/rst/user_manual/configuration.rst

        publish-type: false
      stdout: true

.. _user_manual_configuration_specs_monitor:

Monitor
-------

> ``specs`` supports a ``monitor`` **optional** tag to publish internal data from the |ddsrouter|.
> The monitor publishes (and logs) the *DDS Router's* internal data on a ``domain``, under a ``topic-name``, once every ``period`` (in milliseconds).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``specs`` supports a ``monitor`` **optional** tag to publish (and/or log) internal data from the |ddsrouter|.
If enabled, the monitor publishes the *DDS Router's* internal data on a ``domain``, under a ``topic-name``, once every ``period`` (in milliseconds).
```

Reviewer: Or as in DDS-Recorder, "The monitor can be configured to publish this..."

If the monitor is not enabled, the |ddsrouter| will not collect or publish any data.

.. note::

    The data published is relative to each period.
    The |ddsrouter| will reset its tracked data after publishing it.

In particular, the |ddsrouter| will track the number of messages lost, received, and the frequency of each topic.
The type of the data published is defined as follows:

**MonitoringTopics.idl**

.. code-block:: idl

    struct DdsTopicData
    {
        string participant_id;
        unsigned long msgs_lost;
        unsigned long msgs_received;

>         double msg_rx_rate;

Reviewer: We should specify the unit.
